Document "protected" pub/sub topics. (#3624)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/building-blocks/pubsub/pubsub-scopes.md

| app2 | X |   |   |
| app3 | X | X |   |

## Example 4: Mark topics as protected

> If your topic involves sensitive data, each new application must be explicitly listed in the `publishingScopes` and `subscriptionScopes` to ensure it cannot read from or write to that topic. Alternatively, you can designate the topic as 'protected' and grant access only to specific applications that genuinely require it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your topic involves sensitive data, each new application must be explicitly listed in the `publishingScopes` and `subscriptionScopes` to ensure it cannot read from or write to that topic. Alternatively, you can designate the topic as 'protected' (using `protectedTopics`) and grant access only to specific applications that genuinely require it.
```

Here is an example of three applications and three topics, two of which are protected:
```yaml
apiVersion: dapr.io/v1alpha1
kind: Component
metadata:
  name: pubsub
spec:
  type: pubsub.redis
  version: v1
  metadata:
  - name: redisHost
    value: "localhost:6379"
  - name: redisPassword
    value: ""
  - name: protectedTopics
    value: "A,B"
  - name: publishingScopes
    value: "app1=A,B;app2=B"
  - name: subscriptionScopes
    value: "app1=A,B;app2=B"
```

> > Note that topics A and B are marked as protected. As a result, even though app3 is not listed under `publishingScopes` or `subscriptionScopes` it cannot interact with these topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example above, topics A and B are marked as protected. As a result, even though `app3` is not listed under `publishingScopes` or `subscriptionScopes`, it cannot interact with these topics.
```
